Documentation for rc0 tasks (#2819)
kubernetes/sig-release: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/cut-release.md

- [ ] Notify #release-management on Slack: <!-- Paste link to slack -->
- [ ] Update [`schedule.yaml` file](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/blob/main/data/releases/schedule.yaml) with the latest release using [`schedule-builder`](https://github.com/kubernetes/release/tree/master/cmd/schedule-builder) (_patch releases only_) <!-- Paste Pull Request URL here -->
- [ ] Collect metrics and add them to the `Release steps` table below through `krel history --branch release-1.xx --date-from yyyy-mm-dd` (current date)
<!-- ONLY FOR RC.0 RELEASES - [ ] Post-release branch creation tasks -->
<!-- ONLY FOR RC.1 RELEASES - [ ] Ensure that the new OBS project is set -->

> <!-- ONLY FOR STABLE RELEASES - [ ] Code Thaw PR merged and mention @release-managers nudging them to perform the propedeutic tasks for the next alpha (e.g. setting up the new OBS project) -->

Reviewer: Usually checklist items are short, so what do you think about something like this:
```suggestion
<!-- ONLY FOR .0 RELEASE - [ ] Code Thaw PR merged and OBS project created for the new minor release -->
```
